https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5-ZFOhHQS68

Newton's Laws of Motion 

Newton's first law of motion states that a mass, whether it is
at rest or in motion, will want to continue to do what it is 
already doing, ie. rest or move, unless it is acted on by an
unbalanced force.

Newton's second law of motion states that a force applied to 
an object, like a football, produces a proportional acceleration.
In other words if an object is accelerating, there is a force on it.

If a runner is in motion they will want to remain in motion,
unless an unbalanced force acts on it. An unbalanced force, such
as a lineback, must act on a runner to stop him. 

How does a defensive tackle use inertia to prevent a quarterback
sneak?

The quarterback sneak is a play that pits the interior offensive
line against the interior defensive line. Teams hope their
line of players will create a massive wall, resistant to being
moved. If the defensive tackles have the greater mass, they will
be more difficult to move when they are at rest and more 
difficult to stop when they are in motion.

KEY WORDS-
force - unit of measurement - Newton
  - Something that causes a change in the motion of an object.
    For example; in order for a football to move a force has to
    be applied to it such as the quarterback throwing it. 
  
minigame idea 
http://beautifulquiltfabric.com/images/5121.jpg
have the user control a guy blocking the touchdown zone from the
"other guy" trying to score, emphasizes first law of motion, in
order for an object to stop (and prevent from scoring) a stopping
force needs to be applied

3 questions
(1) - What is responsible for keeping an object at rest or 
maintaining an objects constant velocity?
-balanced forces
-external forces
-unbalanced forces
-gravity

(2) - According to Newton's first law of motion, what would happen
to a receiver traveling towards the endzone at a constant velocity
of 20mph in the absence of an unbalanced force?
-The receiver would slow down and come to a stop
-The receiver would continue moving towards the endzone at 20mph
-The receiver would slow down but never reach 0 velocity
-The receiver would slowly increase velocity 

(3)- Consider an object at rest. Which of the following is true?
- The forces acting on the object are balanced
- The object has zero velocity
- The object has no acceleration
- all of the options are true

Challenge 
To test if you can apply what you've learned, go out there and test
it out. We're going to have two trials. You will need a football and
a friend. Have your friend prepare the football to be kicked. You will 
kick it and record the distance traveled by the football. Now go back
to the initial location and switch with your friend. Repeat the trial.
The one who made the football travel a greater distance applied a 
greater force.

//Maybe here we have the app have a super basic table where the kids
//input their distance traveled
              //Distance traveled
//Player one 
//Player two

//if p1 > p2, p1 wins.